# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.11
    # via litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   litellm
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
duckduckgo-search==8.0.2
    # via likable (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.6.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.18.0
    # via huggingface-hub
fonttools==4.58.2
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
gradio==5.33.0
    # via likable (pyproject.toml)
gradio-client==1.10.2
    # via gradio
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
hf-xet==1.1.3
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   safehttpx
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via mcp
huggingface-hub==0.32.4
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   smolagents
    #   tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via litellm
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   litellm
    #   smolagents
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via mcpadapt
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
litellm==1.72.2
    # via smolagents
lxml==5.4.0
    # via duckduckgo-search
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via likable (pyproject.toml)
mcp==1.9.3
    # via
    #   likable (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcpadapt
    #   smolagents
mcpadapt==0.1.9
    # via smolagents
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   likable (pyproject.toml)
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
openai==1.84.0
    # via litellm
orjson==3.10.18
    # via gradio
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   likable (pyproject.toml)
    #   gradio
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   smolagents
primp==0.15.0
    # via duckduckgo-search
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   mcpadapt
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via mcp
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   mcpadapt
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   smolagents
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   likable (pyproject.toml)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   smolagents
    #   tiktoken
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   smolagents
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.13
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
selenium==4.33.0
    # via likable (pyproject.toml)
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smolagents==1.17.0
    # via likable (pyproject.toml)
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
sse-starlette==2.3.6
    # via mcp
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via litellm
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via litellm
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via gradio
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
typer==0.16.0
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   selenium
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn==0.34.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mcp
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via likable (pyproject.toml)
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.22.0
    # via importlib-metadata
